[TW-671] Websocket refactor (#5204)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/sending-requests/websocket/document-websocket-requests.md

---
title: "Document WebSocket requests"
updated: 2023-11-01
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Additional resources"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Videos"
  - type: link
    name: "WebSocket Requests | Postman Level Up"
    url: "https://youtu.be/H-7EZVj9D-k"
  - type: link
    name: "Set Up a WebSockets Server in Node.js"
    url: "https://youtu.be/e__oWJ4wNtw"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Blog posts"
  - type: link
    name: "Save and Document WebSocket Requests in Collections"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/save-and-document-websocket-requests-in-collections/"
  - type: link
    name: "Powering home automation with WebSocket APIs"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/powering-home-automation-with-websocket-apis/"
  - type: link
    name: "Postman Supports Socket.IO"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/postman-now-supports-socket-io/"
---

> Postman automatically generates documentation for each of your requests. The documentation includes the request's URL, parameters, settings, and any saved messages. You can also add a description to help users understand and use the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman automatically generates documentation for each of your requests. The documentation includes the request’s URL, parameters, settings, and any saved messages. You can also add a description to help users understand how to use the request.
```

To view and edit documentation for a WebSocket request, do the following:

1. Open the request.
1. Select the documentation icon <img alt="Documentation icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/documentation-icon-v8-10.jpg#icon" width="16px"> in the right sidebar.
1. Select **Add description**.

>     > You can also select **Generate with Postbot** to use [Postbot](/docs/getting-started/basics/about-postbot/) to document your WebSocket request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > You can also select **Generate with Postbot** to use [Postman's AI assistant](/docs/getting-started/basics/about-postbot/) to document your WebSocket request.
```

> 1. Write your content using Postman's [built-in editing tools](/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/). Your documentation automatically saves. If you need to make changes, you can edit the description again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Write your content using Postman’s [built-in editing tools](/docs/publishing-your-api/authoring-your-documentation/). Your documentation automatically saves. If you need to make changes, you can edit the description.
```

> > You can also add a description to your collection's overview or a folder in your collection. Select the collection or folder in the sidebar, then select **Add collection description** or **Add folder description**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can also add a description to your collection’s overview or a folder in your collection. Select the collection or folder in the sidebar, then select **Add collection description** or **Add folder description**.
```
